Guide/building apps (#110)
embark-framework/embark-site: source/docs/pipeline_and_webpack.md

## Building your app

Embark's `build` command enables us to build our decentralized application and deploy it accordingly. Similar to `embark run`, it compiles our Smart Contracts, deploys them to a blockchain network that our app is connected to, processes our app's assets and uploads them to the configured decentralized storage (e.g. IPFS).

By default, `embark build` will use the `production` mode to build our application.

<pre><code class="shell">$ embark build</code></pre>

### Specifying a mode using `--pipeline`

Embark comes with two modes for building our application:

* **development** - This mode is for development purposes and produces sourcemaps as well as unoptimized client-side code. Whenever we use `embark run` or `embark console`, this mode is used by default. Since this mode skips code optimizations, it's also the faster mode.

> * **production** - Unsurprisingly, this mode is used to create production artifacts of our application. It produces optimized code and is therefore slower as well. However, client-side code will be highly optimized and therefore smaller in file size This mode is the default for `embark build` and `embark upload` commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **production** - Unsurprisingly, this mode is used to create production artifacts of our application. It produces optimized code and therefore, takes longer to build. However, client-side code will be highly optimized, thus smaller in file size. This mode is the default for `embark build` and `embark upload` commands.
```
Changed slower because it could sound as the code became slower.
Changed the second "therefore", because synonyms

We can specify a mode using the `--pipeline` option. This is available for both, `embark run` and `embark build` commands:

<pre><code class="shell">$ embark build --pipeline development</code></pre>

## Compiling Smart Contracts only

If we're building a [Smart Contract only application](http://localhost:4000/docs/create_project.html#Creating-%E2%80%9Ccontracts-only%E2%80%9D-apps), or we're simply not interested in building the entire application and deploying it, but just want to compile our Smart Contracts, we can use the `build` command's `--contracts` option:

<pre><code class="shell">$ embark build --contracts</code></pre>

## Understanding the build pipeline

> Embark uses [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) to bundle and post processes all kinds of assets of our decentralized application. This also includes things like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Embark uses [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) to bundle and post process all kinds of assets of our decentralized application. This also includes things like:
```

Reviewer: Well, it should still be `postprocess` , since it's "to postprocess" in the sentence

Author: Ah right. Misread my own sentence lol
